ι46 ttbe little hieu Book οῐ hoaut.

von hoenge· &macione grauatim
asditsouppliantsper(st'c)ordonannoo
quadanoco meiatreou aemantde
dite montier quy eet ou corta eo
apres noy absentem apres qil nerra
gamio par loz rurveourn dc meemc
la montier de venir e lour commune
assemble pru imployt dascuns tielx
munes et baccignes, qadonqes
cclluy quy noy abanim peiora a
cheam foitz qil est insint absent
xij deniers mtmlingn sauna nuile
cardon, dont lune moitoe serra
leuco ai proiit del annuae dc
dite viiie et eune moitee el auc
tentacion de lurnier del montier
suiodit par le dmtrccoe de ia Meet
que nerra pur le tempo

the omina· aforesaid, May it
pieaoeyourvorywioadiocratione
togranttothaanidmppiiantaby
ordinanccthatifanymaotmor
eomantoithecaidornfflnowor
hemimnhattabcenthimacltatter,
thatheshallbewamcdby the
ctuveyorcoithecamecraittoccme
tothcircommonaeoemblieoiorthe
dspaohofanysuencauscs and
bucineoathatthenhewhoshali
abeam hinnali shall pay every
dmethatheisroabsentud.
sterling without any pardon, one
haifoiwhiohehailbelcviedtc
tho profit of the Commonelty ot
tha said town, and the other hait
tcthcmaintenanccoithelightof
memnstahovcaaidbydiotreoaot

’ tthayoriorthetimehcing.

Qua quidem bilia ibidem perlema
viaumhreratdictieprobia hominibus
quod contenta in eadem mant utilia
et consona racioui, et ea tarn pro
vtiliuto tocius communitatis ville
predicte quam pro meliori guber-
nacione dicte artis dictis suppli·
cantibus et eorum camoribus

concesserunt, ratificarunt et con·
firmarum, Reseruata semper eisdem

Majori vicecomiti, Balliuis et

Which bill there being read
through it hod ommed to tha naid
good men that tho things contained
in thesemo were uoeffl and coneo-
nact with remu, and they mooted,
ratified and confirmed them to the
aeid supplicate and their sumecoorn
ior the utility ot the whole common·
aity oi the town aforesaid and for
the better government oi the said
craft, tull authority and power being

 

